(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] Now that you had a chance
to work on your script,
I'm going to show you a script that I wrote
to meet the requirements for our challenge.
This file is available in the exercise files
for this chapter,
but what I did was I executed this shbang on bin/bash,
so I just went ahead and wrote a bash script for this.
You see there the aws s3 mb command to make a new bucket.
I then created a file using an echo command
that said this is from the challenge,
stored that on my desktop in an s3 bucket called lil3.txt.
I then synced those buckets,
so in order to copy those files, I just used sync.
That way I synced all the files,
because there was already two there,
and the challenge was just create a few files.
So I went ahead and reused it.
So that sync operation will sync it,
and then when I do an ls on the fourth command there,
it will show you all three files.
Let's go ahead and execute this now.
So I'm going to do a bash on that file.
So it made a bucket.
It synced those files.
It took that new file that I created and synced them,
and then I did an ls command,
and I got all three files back out.
So that's how I went about meeting the requirements
for this challenge exercise.
Yours may look different,
but hopefully your output looks very similar,
and that you've created a bucket, you've created some files.
Now you've copied those files up to the bucket,
and then you ls or listed those out
so that you can see them.
That's really the power of the cli,
is that you can script everything in a bash script,
or just type them into your terminal
and get the data back out.
Now we're going to jump into some code.